adds fill_nulls_with to all metric types (#4768)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/ratio-metrics.md

| `denominator` |  The name of the metric used for the denominator, or structure of properties. | Required  |
| `filter` | Optional filter for the numerator or denominator. | Optional |
| `alias` | Optional alias for the numerator or denominator. | Optional |

> | `fill_nulls_with` | Set the value to zero instead of null in your metric definition. | Optional |

Author: ```suggestion
| `fill_nulls_with` | Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero). | Optional |
```

    type: ratio # Required
    label: The value that will be displayed in downstream tools #Required
    type_params: # Required

>       fill_nulls_with: Value to zero instead of null # Optional

Author: ```suggestion
      fill_nulls_with: Set value instead of null (such as zero)  # Optional
```
